When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    You would want to use a remote repository in order to keep a backup of data, as well as enable Git's push/pull functionality for working with multiple developers on a file, or for a single developer working from a multiple locations.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Other developers may be working on different pieces of a project, whose updates might interfere with your own work.  
    By pulling changes manually, you are able to select only the pulls that won't interfere with your work, and you will also know exactly what new logical changes to expect in the code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks:  Used when duplicating a repository from GitHub to GitHub.  
    Clones:  Used when duplicating a repository from GitHub to a local machines, or when duplicating a repository from a local machine to a local machine.
    Branches:  Used when starting a new feature that is not ready to be incorporated into the main code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The benefit of having a copy of the last known remote stored locally is you know whether or not your master branch is ahead/behind the remote branch, even offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Dropbox!  Syncing would be easier, but merging and version history control would be harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    You would want to make changes in a separate branch when testing a new feature that isn't ready for mainline release.  The disadvantage of this approach is that the separate branch won't be updated by other contributors' changes to the main branch, and by the time you are ready to incorporate the separate branch into the main, there may be significant merge conflicts present.
    